well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to
talk about something i talk about a
whole lot only we're going to talk about
it in depth from the ground up
and we're going to talk about a hard
truth
the reason we're going to break
everything down like this is because i
had somebody tell me that yeah i talk
about this all the time
but i've never broken it down all the
way and the only reason they even know
what i'm talking about
is because they know where i took the
template from
and that's fair that is where i took a
problem um
and then the hard truth the hard truth
and this is going to be hard for a lot
of people to accept especially in the
united states
voting is the least involved and least
effective method of civic engagement it
is literally the bare minimum you can do
we cannot be surprised our government
behaves the way it does
when we really only hold it to account
every two or four years during that time
they have free reign
of course they're going to behave the
way they do they have no accountability
so what's the most you can do
be actively involved be actively
involved in your community
a community network so what's the theory
behind this
i'll start there it is a network of
people
who have committed to making their
community better that is their only
overt commitment
that's what they're saying now they may
be in it for a specific cause like they
may
be wanting to deal mostly with food
security
but when they join this little group
the only real mission statement is to
strengthen the community to make the
community better
period don't make it too specific
because you want to be adaptable
a network like this can produce
immediate change immediate results it
can reduce reliance on government
therefore
making the government less powerful it
can make your community stronger
as people tend to rely on each other it
lessens
the effects of bad governance
because you can deal with things
yourself it also
generates power if you want to engage
in electoral politics
so that's a whole lot of stuff how does
it do this
because the network isn't the government
it can circumvent
red tape it is more flexible because it
doesn't have
a super defined mission
it can confront issues directly and it
can produce
immediate results you want examples
imagine there is a pothole
in the road in front of your house you
can
contact the city council and have them
contact public works and hopefully a
requisition gets put in
and eventually maybe if they find the
right address
they will come out and fill it or you
can walk out there and fill it yourself
which one is going to get done first
same thing a playground well it's rusty
and
not painted anymore you can ask the
county commission to do something about
it and maybe they'll approve the funds
and maybe eventually they'll get
somebody out there
probably take six months to a year or
you can walk out there with your sander
and some spray paint
the idea of pooling resources
to accomplish something that the
community feels is
important is something everybody
watching this is aware of
we all know what gofundme is that's what
it is
that's a digital community network no
specific mission
just in theory helping people achieve
their goals
okay so what's the makeup of one of
these groups
you have your a group your a group those
are the people that are most active
okay those are the people that are
involved in this every day or every week
every month however you structure it
it normally starts with a group of
friends who are kind of close but not
super close and we'll get to why here in
a minute
co-workers people from your religious
institution
whatever the ideal number is 12.
you can start with less you can have
more but in my experience the ideal
number has been 12.
each one of those 12 people
has friends who are going to be
supportive of what they're doing
but they're not going to be active every
day okay
those people that you can call on to
occasionally assist
that's your b group your support group
this is why it's important for those
initial 12 that initial group
not to be super close because if they
are
they're going to share friends and it's
going to cut down
the number of people in your support
group
now as the a group becomes more active
people are going to want to join
especially those from the b group
they're going to want to become more
active when they see it produce
results it always happens eventually
your group grows in size
when it hits about 18 normally it
organically splits into two groups
naturally okay when that happens
more than once so you have 18
that splits and then they both grow up
to 18 again and they split again
at this point you need a c group
and that's your command group control
group
um each
a group that exists designates one
person
to talk to the other designees from the
other a groups this could be as simple
as
a facebook chat um
but just to keep everybody on the same
page
and it also helps everybody share their
b
groups those people that can support
it increases the effectiveness
of the groups now if you used to live
around fort bragg and all of this sounds
really familiar
yeah that's where i stole the template
oda odb and odc
so what they are
next term is going to sound really
familiar too force multiplication
when you're recruiting as you get more
active and as you become more involved
you're going to specifically identify
things that are
of need special attention
within your community and you're going
to want to specifically recruit people
that are good at that particular thing
as an example
let's say food insecurity is something
that's big
big in your area you have a big problem
with this you're probably
going to want to actively recruit
somebody who works at a food pantry
or in a farmer's market because not just
do you have somebody now
that is really familiar with these
issues
you have access to their b group because
whether or not
people realize it everybody has a b
group everybody has those people that
they can call on for support
hopefully um
now if you can't
recruit somebody that you're
specifically trying to get
somebody from a food pantry there's
nothing stopping
one of your 12 one of your a group
from joining their group from
volunteering at that pantry
and gaining access to that network that
way
that's what this is really about what
makes it effective is the networking
aspect of it
so there's always a way to gain access
to the networks that you need
either by recruiting somebody from that
network or inserting somebody into it
okay so how do you recruit generally
speaking
you can start with social media and look
at people who post about
problems in the community and see if
they want to fix them
a lot of them don't a lot of them just
want to complain about but you will find
those who will get off the couch and get
out there
you can also look to other activist
groups
and see if you can find people who fit
the needs
that you have in those and actively
recruit them
and then the most overlooked
group of people and this is especially
true because every single one of them
is in your b group and you don't even
think about it
those people you've helped as your
community network starts
working and starts doing things you help
people
directly and indirectly those people
will almost always help you
they're an incredibly important resource
that a lot of times people forget about
because they look at them as those who
need
help most times a need for help is
temporary
once you help them with that problem
they can probably help you and even if
they're in need
of one form of help let's say they have
a food and security issue we'll stick
with that
they may be really good at graphic
design and can help you with something
else
just because somebody needs help doesn't
mean they're helpless
now one important thing to remember
is that the people in your group do not
have to be
100 ideologically aligned
all they have to commit to is making the
community stronger
my group is populated entirely
by left-leaning anti-authoritarians
and small government conservatives two
people
who you would think would never talk to
each other
that's the entirety of my group
and it's it's worked for a very long
time
because it sounds weird
but those groups of people are natural
allies
at the community level they only become
opposition
when you get to national level stuff
generally
okay now whether you're in an urban area
or a rural
area determines a whole lot about how
you
operate in a rural area
as an example you don't need a name for
your group
because everybody knows everybody out
here we
our group does not have a name okay
and you don't take credit for what you
do
you don't have a facebook page talking
about the things that you do
you don't need to because you're in
small towns and
everybody talks in fact if you had a
facebook page talking about the stuff
that you did
people wouldn't like it however if you
don't talk about it
other people will and they'll
they'll want to support it and they'll
know who to contact if they need help
in an urban area you can't do that
there's too many people
so the first thing i would do in an
urban area is limit your area
of operations to one one neighborhood
okay you're not gonna be able to do the
whole city one area
and pay specific attention to that and
as you get that community support you
will get more people
when your a group becomes two a groups
well then you can widen out and take on
a larger area
this plays into the whole force
multiplication thing
and it helps you
it helps you get to a point where you
can affect real change
pretty easily in rural areas
your your your area of
of work is not governed by 10 square
blocks
you're talking about miles we have done
stuff
i don't know 60 70 miles away
um because it's a very rural area out
here
you got to go that far to get to people
let's see either way
the organizations themselves your little
groups they grow
with community support the more support
you get the more stuff you do
the more people will support you once
you have community support
you can affect a lot of change very
quickly
because i started and because we're in
an election season and that's what
everybody's
thinking about
ballot access you need signatures right
if you have a group like this you can
get those signatures in a day
because your a and b groups will all
sign
and they know other people who would
sign you can get it done very very
quickly
and i know there's uh
probably some people that are like i
don't know why i would even want to do
that
imagine somebody of your ideological
makeup as sheriff
yeah wow that would make it a whole lot
easier to do stuff right
county commission you can do it
and this is how these small networks
wield a lot of political power once
they're successful
um and if you're not interested in
electoral
politics like if you're the type of
person who just
i don't know say absolutely refuses to
endorse somebody
because reasons um
understand that you can still wield
the government
anytime before you do something you make
a public request
to a politician hey we need this done
and then go do it you know they're not
going to do it
but then you point out that you asked
them
and that they did nothing and that you
didn't your little network did it
you embarrass them a couple of times
they will respond when you ask them for
something
because they don't want the negative
press
whether you agree with government or not
you do know it exists
so if you have the ability to exert some
influence over it for good
maybe you should
it uh
it doesn't matter what your goal is what
your long-term
ideological goals are it doesn't matter
where you set on the political spectrum
this makes your local community stronger
that's always good
that is always good there's never a
downside to that
this helps get people involved
in a hands-on way
in in fixing their community
and it's adaptable don't come up with
some specific mission statement
be very general just better your
community that's
it and that allows you to flow into a
whole bunch of different stuff
and the more you strengthen it
the the better it is for everybody
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day